Bangladesh Tour Packages 2024 - 2025
A country interlaced with rivers & rich culture waiting to be explored
Though Bangladesh isn't yet as popular a tourist haunt as India or Nepal, it's a country with its own uniqueness. Thanks to its wide collection of historical monuments, beaches, picnic spots, forests and tribal villages that Bangladesh tourism is now gathering steam. It's interesting to note that the country is home to the world's longest beach – Cox's Bazaar. During your Bangladesh travel, you'll discover so much as a traveller that you'll only want to come here over and over again.

The moment you enter Bangladesh, you'll start to feel the country's distinguishable character. Over 700 rivers pass through the country. These serpentine rivers together with shimmering lakes, verdant hills and profuse tropical rain-forests lend a beauty to the country which is both delicate and distinctive. One of the biggest attractions for tourists is Bangladesh river cruise tours. But then that's just the beginning! For animal lovers, there are exciting Bangladesh Sunderbans wildlife tours for spotting the world-famous Royal Bengal Tiger, the Asian Elephant and the Asian Black Bear among other species of mammals. More than 380 species of birds, 310 species of migratory birds, 139 species of reptiles and 19 species of marine reptiles are other wildlife attractions in the country.

If you're a history buff, you would love to visit historical monuments like Greek Memorial, Mosque City of Bagerhat, Ahsan Manzil, Curzon Hall, Northbrook Hall, Bara Katra, Zia Memorial Museum, Lalbagh Fort, National Martyrs' Memorial etc.

There are many modern-day buildings that will also attract your attention very quickly – one of them is the Bangladeshi Taj Mahal.

Bangladesh adventure tours are a favorite among tourists from all around. Since the country has hundreds of rivers, there are ample options for those who wish to indulge in river rafting. Boat cruising is another great option to soak up the natural beauty of the country while having a lot of fun. If your thirst for adventure isn't quenched yet, you can head straight to hill stations like Bandarban (Chittagong), Khagrachori (Chittagong), Jaflong (Sylhet), Sripur (Sylhet) etc. At these hill stations, you'll also have the opportunity to interact with tribal people and experience their much interesting day-to-day life. This is a major booster for Bangladesh tourism.

Whether you're planning to explore the rivers of Bangladesh via river cruises, spend some quality time along its pristine beaches, enjoy viewing the Sundarbans mangrove forests, indulge in adventure sports or experience the tribal lifestyle in the hills of the country, Max Holidays has well-crafted tour packages for everyone. A long-established travel agent and tour operator for Bangladesh, we don't just bring you sightseeing tours but ample real-time learning opportunities. And All our Bangladesh tours are designed in a way t